My grandpa built a heavy wooden desk out of an old oak tree.

The teacher keeps her shiny gold stickers in the top drawer of her desk.

Whenever I do my math homework, I sit quietly at my bedroom desk.

Our cat likes to nap right in the middle of my dad's busy desk.

The antique desk in the library has a secret compartment for hiding letters.

I used a soft cloth to clean the dust off my new writing desk.

Every morning, the principal sits behind a giant metal desk to read the news.

If you look under my desk, you will see a piece of dried pink bubblegum.

The painter spilled a drop of blue watercolor on her favorite art desk.

When the sun shines through the window, it makes my glass desk sparkle.

My older sister decorated the edges of her desk with bright rainbow tape.

The scientist looked through his microscope while sitting at a tall white desk.

I finally organized all the messy papers covering my computer desk.

A small green plant grows in a pot on the corner of the office desk.

The squeaky wheels on the chair rolled away from the wooden desk.

In the old days, students used a desk that had a hole for an ink bottle.

My dad bought a standing desk so he does not have to sit down all day.

The map of the world fits perfectly flat on top of the large desk.

There are three deep drawers in my desk to hold all my blank notebooks.

The carpenter sanded the rough wood of the desk until it was totally smooth.

I bought a special lamp that clips onto the side of my reading desk.

During the loud thunderstorm, my little dog hid safely underneath my desk.

The police officer wrote a ticket while leaning against the crowded front desk.

A famous author wrote her best story on this tiny corner desk.

My brother lost his favorite pencil behind the heavy iron desk.

The hotel worker smiled at us from behind the shiny marble desk.

You can fold down the lid of the wooden desk when you are done working.

I taped a picture of my family right above my study desk.

The mayor of the city signed a very important law at his large desk.

Every student in my classroom has a name tag taped to their desk.

We bought a used desk at the yard sale and painted it bright yellow.

The doctor read my health chart while she sat beside a clean white desk.

I accidentally spilled my cup of orange juice all over the front of my desk.

The key to the bottom drawer of the desk was lost a long time ago.

My uncle works at a giant computer desk with three different screens.

The music teacher left his shiny brass trumpet resting on his desk.

I dragged my small desk closer to the heater to stay warm while reading.

A thick layer of gray dust covered the old desk in the empty attic.

The librarian helped me find a quiet desk to finish my book report.

My mom bought a matching rolling chair to go with her brand new desk.

The smooth surface of the desk is perfect for tracing comic book heroes.

Before summer break, we had to scrub the top of every desk in the room.

The builder unrolled a big paper map across his long work desk.

I keep a glass jar full of shiny pennies on the right side of my desk.

When the earthquake happened, we were told to hide under a sturdy desk.

The heavy legs of the desk left deep scratches on the wooden floor.

My pen ran out of ink, so I dug through my desk to find another one.

A bright red apple sat waiting on the teacher's desk before the bell rang.

The worker at the post office weighed my heavy package on the front desk.

I carefully carved my initials onto the bottom of my old wooden desk.
