My mom puts a sweet orange in my lunchbox every Tuesday for a healthy snack.

Peeling a fresh orange makes my fingers smell good for the rest of the day.

The farmer reached up high to pick a ripe orange right off the tree.

If you roll an orange on the table first, it is much easier to squeeze into juice.

I like to carefully pull apart each little piece of my orange before I eat it.

We shared a juicy orange to help us cool down after our long soccer game.

The skin of an orange is very bumpy and feels thick when you touch it.

Inside an orange, there are tiny seeds that you should spit out instead of chewing.

A bright orange looks exactly like a little sun sitting in our kitchen fruit bowl.

My grandpa showed me how to cut an orange into wide shapes that look like smiles.

A cold glass of orange juice is my absolute favorite drink to have with pancakes.

It takes a lot of sunshine and water to grow a healthy orange in an orchard.

I bought a heavy orange at the grocery store using my very own pocket money.

You have to take the peel off an orange before you can taste the yummy fruit inside.

My dog tried to sniff my orange, but he sneezed because he did not like the strong smell.

Eating a cold orange feels so refreshing when it is a really hot summer afternoon.

The white strings on an orange are called the pith, but I usually just pull them off.

I tossed the round orange to my older brother just like we were playing baseball.

An orange belongs to the citrus family of fruits, just like lemons and limes do.

When I bite into a really good orange, the sweet juice sometimes drips down my chin.

There is always a whole orange hiding at the very bottom of my Christmas stocking.

My teacher told the class that an orange is full of vitamin C to help keep us from getting sick.

We grated the outer peel of an orange to make our vanilla cake taste even better.

If you leave an orange outside in the snow during the winter, it will freeze solid.

I tried to balance an orange on my head, but it rolled off and fell onto the floor.

The inside of an orange is made of small, squishy pouches that hold all the juice.

Before we went on our nature hike, Dad packed an orange for each of us to eat at the top of the hill.

You can use a special kitchen tool to press the fresh juice out of an orange.

A fresh orange feels a lot heavier than it looks because it is full of water.

I like to eat an orange slowly while I read a library book on the front porch.

In science class, we learned that an orange will float in water if you leave the skin on.

My little sister only eats the soft inside of the orange and leaves the white parts behind.

The best orange I ever tasted was perfectly sweet and had absolutely no seeds in it.

In art class, we painted a picture of a bowl that had a red apple, a yellow banana, and an orange.

Squeezing a fresh orange into a cup makes a very tasty drink for breakfast.

The grocery store had a huge, tall pyramid made out of every single orange they had in stock.

I had to wipe my sticky hands with a paper towel after eating a messy orange.

A garden spider spun a sparkly web between the green leaves right above a growing orange.

My best friend taught me how to peel an orange so the skin stays in one long piece.

You can tell an orange is finally ready to eat when it feels just a little bit soft in your hand.

The wild birds in my yard love it when we leave a fresh slice of orange out for them.

Mom reminded me to wash the orange in the sink before I started cutting it with a knife.

An orange actually grows from a pretty white flower that smells wonderful in the spring.

I kept an orange in my backpack all morning, so it was a little warm when I ate it at recess.

The juice from an orange accidentally sprayed into my eye and stung for a minute.

We need to chop up three apples and one orange to make the fruit salad for the picnic.

An orange has a thick rind to protect the soft fruit inside from hungry bugs.

You can dry the thin slices of an orange in the oven to make beautiful winter decorations.

Slicing an orange into flat circles is a really fun way to prepare a healthy after-school snack.

After finishing my tasty orange, I threw the leftover peel into our garden compost bin.
