I used a jumbo green paperclip to mark the best page in my chapter book.

My teacher gave me a shiny silver paperclip to hold my math homework together.

Dad bent a long paperclip straight so he could fix the tiny hole in his watch.

I hooked a blue paperclip to a red one to start making a long chain for art class.

I found a rusty old paperclip hiding at the very bottom of my pencil box.

If the zipper breaks on your winter coat, you can hook a paperclip to it so you can pull it up.

The school nurse used a giant paperclip to pin the note to my shirt.

During science class, we picked up a heavy metal paperclip using a strong magnet.

My mom keeps a special pink paperclip on her desk to hold her important mail.

I twisted a wire paperclip into the shape of a star for my dad's birthday card.

When the glue bottle was stuck, the art teacher poked a paperclip inside to open it.

Our weekly spelling tests were grouped together on the board with one thick paperclip.

I dropped a yellow paperclip on the rug and it took me ten minutes to find it.

You can scratch a cool design into wet clay using the pointy end of a paperclip.

The librarian showed us how a flat paperclip won't ruin the pages of a library book.

My little brother tried to bend a paperclip, but it snapped right in half.

A paperclip is much safer to use than a sharp staple when you are connecting two pages.

I traded my cool striped paperclip for my friend's shiny gold one.

The wind blew my reports away because I forgot to put a paperclip on them!

Grandpa used a tiny paperclip to press the tiny reset button on my video game controller.

Every time I clean my room, I find at least one paperclip hiding under my bed.

We hung our painted paper snowflakes from the ceiling using a bent paperclip.

A heavy paperclip makes a great hook for a homemade fishing pole in the bathtub.

My sister made a pretty necklace by sliding beads onto a curved paperclip.

The principal had a neat stack of folders, and each one had a blue paperclip on top.

If you wrap copper wire around a paperclip and attach a battery, it becomes an electromagnet!

I like how a metal paperclip feels cold when you first pick it up off the table.

My dog sniffed the purple paperclip on the floor, but he knew it was not a toy.

We used a paperclip to clean the dirt out of the tiny cracks in the wooden table.

You can hear a tiny clinking sound when you drop a paperclip into a glass jar.

The gym coach used a paperclip to attach the new game schedule to his clipboard.

I made a tiny bridge for my toy cars using popsicle sticks and a stretched paperclip.

A smooth plastic paperclip will not scratch your fingers when you slide it onto your paper.

Dad's toolbox always has a spare paperclip just in case he needs to tie small wires together.

When we made paper airplanes, adding a paperclip to the nose helped them fly farther.

The map of the zoo was held to the bulletin board by a single big paperclip.

I unfolded a pink paperclip to clean out the top of the dirty salt shaker.

My aunt uses a pretty flower paperclip to keep her recipe cards in order.

I measured my new pencil by seeing if it was longer than a jumbo paperclip.

It is fun to slide a paperclip onto your finger like a shiny little ring.

The janitor used a thick paperclip to fish a dropped coin out of the floor grate.

My favorite bookmark is just a piece of blue ribbon tied to a plain metal paperclip.

I watched the silver paperclip sink quickly to the bottom of the fish tank.

If you look closely at a paperclip, you can see it is just one long piece of wire folded up.

The music teacher used a paperclip to fix the broken string on the drum set.

I put a big red paperclip on my spelling list so I would not lose it in my backpack.

We used a small paperclip to open the tiny battery door on the back of the alarm clock.

A paperclip is very light, but it is strong enough to hold twenty pieces of paper.

My science fair poster had a paperclip attached to it so I could hang it on the wall.

When my glasses lost a tiny screw, Mom used a piece of a paperclip to hold them together.
